OP-1060 Fix Swagger Authentication (#231)
informatici/openhospital-api: README.md

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2938553/215335720-73d59075-f0df-44c4-93ed-eae79945bb71.png)
   
### Using Swagger-UI

 1. use endpoint /auth/login to log and get the token
 

>  2. use the Authorize button at the top of the Swagger-UI and paste the token prefixed by "Bearer " text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 2. use the Authorize button at the top of the Swagger-UI and paste the token form step #1 prefixed by the string "Bearer "
```

>  3. now all endpoints are automatically secured and the token will be added to the request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 3. now all the endpoints are automatically secured and the token will be added to the request
```
